1. what is the role of aws in cloud infra?
2. explain the process of creating IaC using terraform
3. what is EKS and how does it relate to containers
4. how do you manage source code using github
5. what are some key features of powershell in windows scripting
6. Describe the process of creating an Ansible playbook for developements in windows server environments.
7. how does pagination handled in aws
8. what sdk do we use for lambda functions
9. explain the usecase the we worked on
10. explain current op organization structure
11. Is SCP's enabled across organization or individual accounts
12. explain how scp's work
13. explain tag policy
14. how does some failures are handled in our project
15. explain any such failures faced
16. python exception handling
17. how is application deployed in aws cdk
18. difference between cdk synth and cdk deploy
19. how does the cicd pipeline work 
20. write a python code to print occurence of each value in a list
list= [1,2,2,3,4,4,5]
21. write an algorithm in python
22. scenario: there is a file uploaded in s3 and everytime there is a upload it needs to be processed further. how can this be done
23. how is branching done in git
24. linux cmd to fetch the memory used by each process
25. how to check if a remote server is running
26. how to check if a service is running
27. difference between http and https
28. how does ssl certificate work and where it is stored
29. explain LDAP and AD
30. how the rest api work and how is the response recieved 
31. In which format restapi output is received
32. how is lambda used with rest api
33. what is vpc, subnet
34. scenario: there is requirement to deploy and application that is accessed by internet and backend it needs to fetch data from database to perform some processing which should not be accessible from internet. how do you design this
35. diff between internet gateways and nat gateway
36. diff between SG and NACL
37. what is vpc peering and what are its limitations
38. diff between cloudformation and pipelines
39. diff between cloudformation and terraform and which is better
40. scenario: there is an application that needs to be deployed on cloud. out of cloudformation and terraform which do we prefer
41. diff between ECS and EKS. why do we need EKS fargate inspite of AWS providing ECS with fargate services
42. how does autoscaling works.
43. explain rules or conditions used in auto scaling with some example
44. explain what alerts do we recieve from cloudwatch to snow and what is approach to solve it.
45. explain how cloudwatch alerts and dashboard is created.
46. how to onboard an existing application to cloud
47. how is new application onboarded in cloud
48. how do we use cloudwatch and cloudtrail in our day to day activity
49. explain cloudcustodian. some examples of what reports are generated.
50. explain aws architecture completely starting with vpc, subnets, routetables, sgs etc
51. how does jenkins work. how to create a jenkins job



python
exception handling
mutable and immutable
inheritance
built-in functions
pass

aws
aws codepipeline -- stages and waves
aws servicecatalog
aws loadbalancer and auto scaling policies
aws different types of policies
aws custom l2 construct
ipam

kwargs and args
_init_ and super.init

application onboarding with how the services are deployed into an account
